
Answer the following questions:

1) What is an array?
    -a collection of variables of the same type, referred to by a common name.

2) What the code required to create (instantiate) a String array with size 10 named "cats"?
    -int cat[] = new int [10];

3) What is a multidimensional array?
    -an array of arrays

4) What is the code required to create (instantiate) a 2-dimensional int array that is 6 high and 6 wide named "scores"?
    -int scores[][] = new int [6][6];

5) Using code, how do you retrieve a String that is the 10th item in a traditional array named dogs?
    -

6) What is an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException?
    -a run-time error to overrun or underrun teh end of an array.

7) Using one line of code, demonstrate how to retrieve the second to the last item from a int array.
    -

8) What is the maximum allowable size of an array in Java?
    -

9) What is a bubble sort?
    -a simple, basic sort of array which oerates by making several passes though the array, exchanging
    out-of-place elements when necessary. The # of passes required to ensure that the array is sorted id =
    to 1 less than the number of elements in the array.

10) How does a bubble sort work?
    -see above ^^^

11) When might you use an irregular array? What is a good example of an irregular array?
    -even though teh use of irregular arrays is not recommended for mosmt applications, given that it runs contrary to what
    peple expect to find when a mulitdimensinal array is encountered. nevertheless, irregulars can be used effectively
    when you need very large two-dimensionals array sparcely populated.

12) Demonstrate how to iterate through an array, printing each value, using a for loop.
    -

13) Demonstrate how to iterate through an array, printing each value, using a while loop.

14) What is a queue?
    -

15) What are the two primary operations that a queue performs?

16) What is a stack?

17) What differentiates stacks and queues?

18) When would you use an enhanced for loop?

19) What is "The Collections Framework"? What classes does it include?

20) How do you iterate over a two-dimensional array? Demonstrate using psuedo code.

21) What is a String?

22) What are a few common methods for operating on Strings?

23) What does "Strings are immutable" mean?

24) Using the CLI, how do you invoke a Java application and provide two parameters to the main method?